Update README.md (#67)
hashicorp/flight: ember-flight-icons/README.md

### Optional usage

Icons are set to a `viewBox` square size of 24 by default. 

```hbs
<FlightIcon @name="activity" />
```

> Right, now, we support a `viewBox` square size of 24 or 16. If you need your icon to be smaller than 24, pass in `size`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, we support a `viewBox` square size of 24 or 16. If you need your icon to be smaller than 24, pass in `size`. 
```
